so one of the things I thought was best
about this ship and I wasn't sure when I
first got on her then I loved it it was
how they separate the dining room and
yeah boot stations because often there
is a buffet scenario I mean that's just
the way it is
breakfast and lunch are buffet but in
many places the buffet is right in the
dining room with you in this case it's a
way so you really can keep dining on its
own it's a dining room and nothing else
yes I agree and we should stipulate that
the buffet is used for breakfast and
lunch but it's plated service at dinner
tonight
right but I do like to be able to go out
and the choices and how they presented
the food and the really was quite
remarkable
the flavors and local cuisine I really
enjoy when you can get some local
cuisine on a cruise or consider but not
more so much that it was annoying or
anything yes and I enjoyed the staff for
service in the darling as well and it's
an attractive room and they did a very
good job I would give that a nine out of
ten yes I would agree and you were
saying attractive room
I think decor wise so many especially
river cruise ships have this sort of
Scandinavian modern look which is lovely
and clean and classic but this is really
something quite different
yeah so it does stand out I would call
it much more whimsical or architectural
details and vibrant color very vibrant
and took me a few days to get useful a
minor cut and I love color yes you a
neophyte orchid I think
this is true yes what you're gonna get
if you go on a Rosa but are enlightened
beautiful architectural lighting in the
finger lobbyist and also in the dining
room it was Miri and the lighting
changed which I thought was a lovely
feature as well for the day or life
you're being dining room had a very
different atmosphere large saw a large
exercise area and beautiful having
scenery of the business right of all of
those rooms I thought that was
beautifully done I'm being able to do a
stretch class or some yoga just
relaxation spaces it's very I mean
that's a lot of space to give up on a
small River ship right to the spar into
the fitness area and the sauna yes steam
room no sauna right
I'm easy breh will be clothed for our
audio oh don't worry
next time I'll do things differently you
know what else I love with was the
swimming pool on the top deck I was just
going to say I wish I loved the
Christmas cruise but I wish I we will
have to go back into the warmer weather
because the the top deck all of the top
deck he has an enormous swimming pool
and the bar honey we did enjoyed a bar a
bar mimosa river ships do not have a bar
on the top they had space for a bistro
casual dining no bring you drinks but we
all gathered around that bar drinking
our gluhwein and how much fun was that a
charm and a passion Greenwich I'm not
sure because we're so far but I think
you're sailing in France in the
summertime or on the Danube from
Budapest and you're gliding up that lazy
river or down it whichever way you're
going in the summer and you want to have
a glass of wine at lunch
our cocktail and evening you gather at
that outdoor bar area and this might be
seating as you say and they need that
space hmm that is going to be well used
because there is not an after-lunch
which is so different from other and
that is something that took me some time
I like having that quiet relatively more
quiet space which the afterload normally
is and clearly that's what the top deck
is meant to be and again in warmer
weather yeah so what is to say I'm thank
you and I think also one of the things
that is important about this experience
is that it is all-inclusive yes I think
that's a very pivotal point because most
river cruises are inclusive to a degree
mm-hmm your duties would often be
included and your wine with lunch and
dinner would invariably be included and
various river cruises do different
things they this is the ultimate
all-inclusive moment everything every
drink you ever want is included in the
fare and all your gratuity and air and
your air from a couple of Canadian
gateways and your transfers and also all
your short excursions so I think the
value is is enormously and the
effortlessness I think that's one of the
the things that I love most whether or
not you end up spending more or less the
fact that once you pay your fare yes
don't have to do any more thinking or
signing or calculating or changing into
Euro or whatever you really you know
once you've paid your fare you have
something you can completely stop doing
you know and just enjoy your holiday yes
I mean obviously spa would be extra fact
you purchase something on board the ship
if you wanted extra wine right
there's also that private dining room
that is very much like a food and
tasting dining space that would be an
extra charge but essentially it's all in
room and I think that's that's a very
good price point and it's for a very
good experience so this is a winner
I remember Isaac yes and I think that
try to go back in the summertime all
right twist my arm